More docs on module 1 (#4)
MechanicalRock/twitter-blurb-generator: README.md

This workshop contains 5 different modules. Following all the steps from module 1 to 4 should be enough to up skill you with frontend technologies and inspire you on how to create your own startup idea in one day. Module 5 is a complementary module that takes you into more details on how to create your own AI model and tune it to your specifications.

## Prerequisite

> Before you begin this workshop, you will have to make sure you have below softwares installed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you begin this workshop, you will have to make sure you have the following software installed:
```
